BasicHunter
2x_Arcane Shot
2x_Hunter's Mark
1x_Tracking
2x_Animal Companion
2x_Kill Command
2x_Houndmaster
2x_Multi-Shot
1x_Stonetusk Boar
1x_Acidic Swamp Ooze
2x_Bloodfen Raptor
2x_River Crocolisk
2x_Ironfur Grizzly
1x_Razorfen Hunter
1x_Shattered Sun Cleric
1x_Chillwind Yeti
1x_Oasis Snapjaw
2x_Frostwolf Warlord
2x_Boulderfist Ogre
1x_Stormwind Champion

JadeDruid#4090
x2_Innervate
x1_Earthen Scales
x2_Jade Idol
x2_Wild Growth
x2_Wrath
x2_Jade Blossom
x1_Fandral Staghelm
x1_Jade Spirit
x2_Mire Keeper
x2_Swipe
x2_Nourish
x2_Spreading Plague
x1_Aya Blackpaw
x1_Gadgetzan Auctioneer
x2_Jade Behemoth
x1_The Black Knight
x1_Malfurion the Pestilent
x1_Primordial Drake
x2_Ultimate Infestation

ControlPriest#4134
x1_Holy Smite
x2_Pint-Size Potion
x2_Potion of Madness
x2_Shadow Visions
x2_Shadow Word: Pain
x2_Shadow Word: Death
x1_Barnes
x2_Eternal Servitude
x1_Greater Healing Potion
x1_Mass Dispel
x2_Shadow Word: Horror
x2_Dragonfire Potion
x2_Shadow Essence
x2_Free From Amber
x1_Shadowreaper Anduin
x1_The Lich King
x2_Obsidian Statue
x1_Ysera
x1_Y'Shaarj, Rage Unbound

AggroTokenDruid#4028
x2_Innervate
x2_Bloodsail Corsair
x2_Enchanted Raven
x2_Fire Fly
x2_Mark of the Lotus
x1_Patches the Pirate
x1_Crazed Alchemist
x2_Dire Wolf Alpha
x2_Druid of the Swarm
x2_Mark of Y'Shaarj
x2_Power of the Wild
x2_Crypt Lord
x2_Savage Roar
x2_Vicious Fledgling
x2_Bittertide Hydra
x2_Living Mana

MidrangePaladin#4073
x2_Grimscale Chum
x2_Murloc Tidecaller
x2_Righteous Protector
x2_Vilefin Inquisitor
x2_Hydrologist
x2_Rockpool Hunter
x2_Murloc Warleader
x2_Rallying Blade
x2_Stonehill Defender
x2_Blessing of Kings
x2_Gentle Megasaur
x1_Finja, the Flying Star
x2_Spikeridged Steed
x1_Sunkeeper Tarim
x2_Bonemare
x1_The Curator
x1_Tirion Fordring

EvolveShaman#4139
x2_Bloodsail Corsair
x2_Evolve
x2_Fire Fly
x1_Patches the Pirate
x1_Devolve
x2_Flametongue Totem
x2_Jade Claws
x2_Maelstrom Portal
x2_Primalfin Totem
x2_Mana Tide Totem
x2_Jade Lightning
x2_Saronite Chain Gang
x2_Bloodlust
x2_Doppelgangster
x1_Thrall, Deathseer
x1_Aya Blackpaw
x2_Thing from Below

MurlocPaladin#4118
x2_Murloc Tidecaller
x2_Righteous Protector
x2_Vilefin Inquisitor
x2_Hydrologist
x2_Rockpool Hunter
x2_Murloc Warleader
x2_Rallying Blade
x2_Blessing of Kings
x2_Consecration
x2_Gentle Megasaur
x1_Spellbreaker
x2_Truesilver Champion
x1_Finja, the Flying Star
x2_Skelemancer
x2_Spikeridged Steed
x1_Sunkeeper Tarim
x1_Bonemare

PirateWarrior#4145
x2_N'Zoth's First Mate
x1_Patches the Pirate
x2_Southsea Deckhand
x2_Upgrade!
x2_Bloodsail Raider
x2_Fiery War Axe
x2_Heroic Strike
x2_Bloodsail Cultist
x2_Frothing Berserker
x2_Southsea Captain
x2_Dread Corsair
x2_Kor'kron Elite
x1_Phantom Freebooter
x1_Spellbreaker
x2_Arcanite Reaper
x2_Bittertide Hydra
x1_Leeroy Jenkins
