
JadeDruid#4152
x2_Innervate
x2_Jade Idol
x2_Wild Growth
x2_Wrath
x2_Jade Blossom
x1_Mind Control Tech
x1_Fandral Staghelm
x2_Jade Spirit
x2_Mire Keeper
x2_Swipe
x1_Big Game Hunter
x2_Nourish
x1_Aya Blackpaw
x2_Jade Behemoth
x1_The Black Knight
x1_Bonemare
x1_Malfurion the Pestilent
x1_Medivh, the Guardian
x2_Ultimate Infestation

MidrangePaladin#4073
x2_Grimscale Chum
x2_Murloc Tidecaller
x2_Righteous Protector
x2_Vilefin Inquisitor
x2_Dire Wolf Alpha
x2_Rockpool Hunter
x2_Murloc Warleader
x2_Rallying Blade
x2_Stonehill Defender
x2_Blessing of Kings
x2_Gentle Megasaur
x1_Finja, the Flying Star
x2_Spikeridged Steed
x1_Sunkeeper Tarim
x2_Bonemare
x1_The Curator
x1_Tirion Fordring

AggroTokenDruid#4028
x2_Innervate
x2_Bloodsail Corsair
x2_Enchanted Raven
x2_Fire Fly
x2_Mark of the Lotus
x1_Patches the Pirate
x1_Crazed Alchemist
x2_Dire Wolf Alpha
x2_Druid of the Swarm
x2_Mark of Y'Shaarj
x2_Power of the Wild
x2_Crypt Lord
x2_Savage Roar
x2_Vicious Fledgling
x2_Bittertide Hydra
x2_Living Mana

PirateWarrior#4145
x2_N'Zoth's First Mate
x1_Patches the Pirate
x2_Southsea Deckhand
x2_Upgrade!
x2_Bloodsail Raider
x2_Fiery War Axe
x2_Heroic Strike
x2_Bloodsail Cultist
x2_Frothing Berserker
x2_Southsea Captain
x2_Dread Corsair
x2_Kor'kron Elite
x1_Phantom Freebooter
x1_Spellbreaker
x2_Arcanite Reaper
x2_Bittertide Hydra
x1_Leeroy Jenkins

ControlPriest#4204
x1_Silence
x1_Holy Smite
x2_Pint-Size Potion
x2_Potion of Madness
x2_Shadow Visions
x2_Shadow Word: Pain
x2_Shadow Word: Death
x1_Barnes
x2_Eternal Servitude
x1_Greater Healing Potion
x1_Mass Dispel
x2_Shadow Word: Horror
x2_Dragonfire Potion
x2_Shadow Essence
x1_Free From Amber
x1_Shadowreaper Anduin
x1_The Lich King
x2_Obsidian Statue
x1_Ysera
x1_Y'Shaarj, Rage Unbound

MidrangeHunter#4081
x2_Alleycat
x2_Jeweled Macaw
x2_Crackling Razormaw
x2_Golakka Crawler
x2_Kindly Grandmother
x2_Scavenging Hyena
x2_Animal Companion
x1_Eaglehorn Bow
x2_Kill Command
x2_Rat Pack
x1_Unleash the Hounds
x2_Houndmaster
x1_Infested Wolf
x2_Corpse Widow
x1_Deathstalker Rexxar
x2_Savannah Highmane
x1_Sated Threshadon
x1_N'Zoth, the Corruptor

HighlanderPriest#4392
x1_Silence
x1_Holy Smite
x1_Northshire Cleric
x1_Pint-Size Potion
x1_Potion of Madness
x1_Power Word: Shield
x1_Bloodmage Thalnos
x1_Doomsayer
x1_Loot Hoarder
x1_Radiant Elemental
x1_Shadow Visions
x1_Shadow Word: Pain
x1_Spirit Lash
x1_Acolyte of Pain
x1_Curious Glimmerroot
x1_Gluttonous Ooze
x1_Kabal Courier
x1_Shadow Word: Death
x1_Greater Healing Potion
x1_Kazakus
x1_Priest of the Feast
x1_Shadow Word: Horror
x1_Holy Nova
x1_Kabal Songstealer
x1_Lyra the Sunshard
x1_Raza the Chained
x1_Cabal Shadow Priest
x1_Dragonfire Potion
x1_Prophet Velen
x1_Shadowreaper Anduin

SecretMage#4155
x2_Mana Wyrm
x2_Arcanologist
x2_Frostbolt
x2_Medivh's Valet
x2_Primordial Glyph
x2_Sorcerer's Apprentice
x2_Arcane Intellect
x2_Counterspell
x2_Kirin Tor Mage
x1_Mana Bind
x1_Mirror Entity
x2_Fireball
x1_Ghastly Conjurer
x1_Burgly Bully
x2_Kabal Crystal Runner
x1_The Black Knight
x1_Archmage Antonidas
x2_Firelands Portal

EvolveShaman#4027
x2_Bloodsail Corsair
x2_Evolve
x2_Fire Fly
x1_Patches the Pirate
x1_Devolve
x2_Flametongue Totem
x2_Jade Claws
x2_Maelstrom Portal
x2_Primalfin Totem
x2_Mana Tide Totem
x1_Stonehill Defender
x2_Jade Lightning
x1_Rattling Rascal
x2_Saronite Chain Gang
x1_Bloodlust
x1_Doppelgangster
x1_Thrall, Deathseer
x1_Aya Blackpaw
x2_Thing from Below

